The Crusher should be made from Cast Steel.

Research Steel and add to mod.
Make it smeltable to be turned into cast steel.

Research Slate and add to mod as a rock.

Research Nickel and add to the game.
Make it crushable to produce platinum but rare like I mentioned with copper below.

Make Pinku Smithing Template spawn in end cities and things like that.
Possibly make wolf and horse armor for all ores that have armors
Maybe make deepslate version of Trona


RAINBOW PYRITE:
1. Make a Sandstone variant.
2. Maybe make it spawnable next to Bauxite as well/Make a Bauxite variant of it that spawn in Bauxite

WOLFRAMITE:
1. Make less common than Scheelite.
2. Once Crusher is added, make crushable and turn into Tungsten

SCHEELITE:
1. Change texture
2. Once Crusher is added, make crushable and turn into Tungsten

TRONA, SODIUM CARBONATE AND PURE TUNGSTEN:
1. Comment out all the code for it. Useless for now.
2. If re-implemented then change Trona texture.

TUNGSTEN:
1. Look into adding Poison effect to sword.
2. Maybe add drills that are made using Tungsten.

BAUXITE:
1. Make Bauxite into a rock. Copy of Terracotta. Remove the ore variant.
2. Maybe use granite and darken it for texture. Maybe...
3. Make the Bauxite block crushable to turn it into Bauxite item which then gets smelted to Aluminum

NEPHRITE:
1. Make the ore out of Limestone and spawn it in Limestone.
2. Create Armor and Tools for it making it a darker green.
3. Should be slightly worse than Jadeite.
4. Moh scale 6 to 6.5
5. Give Armor effect the Regeneration effect.

JADEITE:
1. Remove fusing recipe for Jadeite.
2. Make Jadeite a Slate ore block.
3. Use the Jade armor and Tools, make them slightly darker and turn them into Jadeite armor and tools
4. Should be slightly better than Nephrite.
5. Moh scale 6.5 to 7
6. Give Armor effect the Regeneration 2 effect.

JADE:
1. Remove Jade.

PLATINUM:
1. Make it rarer
2. Make copper crushable to make platinum. Maybe make a system to drop other stuff and platinum to be rarer or have it crushed
to platinum nuggets that can be made into platinum ingots.
3. Make the Ore crushable into Native Platinum and then smelt Native Platinum into Platinum ingots.

SULFER:
1. Redo block texture.